[CUMULUS-2460] Get granule execution history from executions endpoint (#2324)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Added user doc describing new features related to the Cumulus dead letter archive.
- **CUMULUS-2460**

>   - Adds `POST` /executions/search-by-granules for retriving workflow names from a given granule, list of granules, or granule query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Adds `POST` /executions/search-by-granules for retrieving executions from a list of granules or granule query
```

Since the endpoint is returning full executions and not workflow names at this point
